Add #74504 to knownissues (#74623)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/7.13.asciidoc

This issue is fixed in {es} versions 7.13.1 and later. For more details, see
{es-issue}73456[#73456].

> * When using the Field Capabilities API with CCS in 7.13 and local and remote 
> clusters are on an different patch release, response serialization will fail for 
> requests that hit the remote cluster. Since Kibana uses this API internally, 
> this will break requests to CCS index patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If local and remote clusters are on different patch releases, response
serialization fails for requests to a remote cluster that use the
<<search-field-caps,field capabilities API>> with CCS. Because {kib} uses this
API internally, requests to CCS index patterns will also fail.
```

Reviewer: I reworded this a bit to put some of the conditions first, added a cross-link, and removed a mention of 7.13 since this addition is in the 7.13 release notes.
